[theme] Improve default breakpoints (#26746)
mui-org/material-ui: docs/src/pages/guides/migration-v4/migration-v4.md

  }
  ```

> - Default breakpoints are changed to match material design spec. [Read more about the change](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/issues/21902)

Reviewer: I'm not so sure we should talk about much MD. I personally didn't try to optimize so much for them. It's more as a legacy constraint. 

```suggestion
- The default breakpoints were changed to better match the common use cases. They also better match the Material Design guidelines. [Read more about the change](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/issues/21902)
```

  ```diff
  {
    xs: 0,
    sm: 600,
  - md: 960,
  + md: 900,
  - lg: 1280,
  + lg: 1200,
  - xl: 1920,
  + xl: 1536,
  }

>   ```

Author: good point

  }
  ```

- The default breakpoints were changed to better match the common use cases. They also better match the Material Design guidelines. [Read more about the change](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/issues/21902)

  ```diff
  {
    xs: 0,
    sm: 600,
  - md: 960,
  + md: 900,
  - lg: 1280,
  + lg: 1200,
  - xl: 1920,
  + xl: 1536,
  }
  ```

  If you prefer the old breakpoint values, use the snippet below.

  ```js
  import { createTheme } from '@material-ui/core/styles';

  const theme = createTheme({
    breakpoints: {
      xs: 0,
      sm: 600,
      md: 960,
      lg: 1280,

>       xl: 1920,

Reviewer: This doesn't work. It needs `values`.

Author: Oh, yes.
